com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/utils/Priority.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.utils.Priority
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/internal/SynchronousCall.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.internal.SynchronousCall
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/request/DownloadRequest.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.request.DownloadRequest
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.request.DownloadRequest$1
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.request.DownloadRequest$2
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/internal/stream/FileDownloadOutputStream.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.internal.stream.FileDownloadOutputStream
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/Progress.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.Progress
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/internal/DownloadTask.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.internal.DownloadTask
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/handler/DownloadEventHandler.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.handler.DownloadEventHandler
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/core/ExecutorSupplier.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.core.ExecutorSupplier
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/Response.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.Response
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/httpclient/HttpClient.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.httpclient.HttpClient
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/internal/DownloadRunnable.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.internal.DownloadRunnable
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/OnDownloadListener.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.OnDownloadListener
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/core/DownloadExecutor.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.core.DownloadExecutor
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/OnStartOrResumeListener.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.OnStartOrResumeListener
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/BuildConfig.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.BuildConfig
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/internal/ComponentHolder.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.internal.ComponentHolder
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/FileDownloader.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.FileDownloader
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/core/DefaultExecutorSupplier.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.core.DefaultExecutorSupplier
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/FileDownloaderConfig.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.FileDownloaderConfig
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.FileDownloaderConfig$1
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.FileDownloaderConfig$Builder
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/utils/Constants.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.utils.Constants
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/core/PriorityThreadFactory.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.core.PriorityThreadFactory
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/OnPauseListener.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.OnPauseListener
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/httpclient/DefaultHttpClient.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.httpclient.DefaultHttpClient
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/internal/DownloadRequestQueue.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.internal.DownloadRequestQueue
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/core/Core.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.core.Core
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/request/RequestBuilder.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.request.RequestBuilder
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/core/DownloadFutureTask.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.core.DownloadFutureTask
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/request/DownloadRequestBuilder.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.request.DownloadRequestBuilder
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/internal/stream/FileDownloadRandomAccessFile.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.internal.stream.FileDownloadRandomAccessFile
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/OnProgressListener.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.OnProgressListener
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/OnCancelListener.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.OnCancelListener
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/handler/ProgressHandler.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.handler.ProgressHandler
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/utils/Status.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.utils.Status
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/Error.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.Error
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/core/MainThreadExecutor.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.core.MainThreadExecutor
com/ripbull/sdk/downloader/utils/DownloadUtils.java
 com.ripbull.sdk.downloader.utils.DownloadUtils
